chore: Update Connect changelog (#1130)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_docs/studios/connect.md

## Connect server

### server/v0.10.0 `latest` - 2026-02-11

* Add: SSH Connectivity:
  * Server implementation (initialize ssh server when enabled)
  * Fingerprint verification

>   * Set `authSecret` on SSH proxy requests to Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Authenticate authorization requests to Platform with oidc secret
```

Reviewer: Actually I am also not 100% sure how much we want to expose on our auth mechanisms in public docs @aknownuser @arnaualcazar . Maybe we just should say `Secure authorization with Platform` or something similar

## Connect client

### client/v0.10.0 `latest` - 2026-02-11

> * Moved Docker service management to the Connect-client.

Reviewer: I would add here the ssh too.
